Now, if you want to use your real device for testing throughout this course, there are a few considerations
to be made first.
So the device needs to be suitable.
So what does ruling mean?
Rooting an Android phone or a tablet allows you to dive deeper into a phone subsystem.
That might be obvious, but after rooting, you can access the entirety of the operating system to customize
just about anything on your Android device, and you can get around many restrictions that the manufacturer
or carrier may have applied.
But I want to tell you that routine can sometimes be dangerous for your phone, and you definitely need
to be careful.
Worst case scenario would be that if you don't follow the instructions correctly, it could damage your
device irreparably.
Many people think that the potential benefits are worth it because with a routed phone, you can speed
up your processor and customize just about every element of your phone software's appearance.
Now, if you are going to work on a real device, rather coarse, just first backup everything because,
well, just everything that you can't live without, right.
I shouldn't have to tell you that, but.
There it is, that's your warning.
So before you start back up, everything that any.
Now for emulators.
You don't need to be rude, they are already rooted.
So since I'm going to be using an emulator in the course and for the rooting process, therefore may
be different for each phone according to its model.
I just want to show you how to do it.
All right.
So open the browser and search for how to route on an Android device and to add XDA developers.
And you can find out how to root for many devices on this website.
So one of the easiest ways to root an Android device is by using an app and a number of rooting apps
are out there.
Some of them are listed here, magic is one of the most popular apps for this, that you can use any
one of them.
Now, if you want to do this yourself, you can find the rooting process for a variety of different
models.
You can always select your phone model from this list and look into the details.